stmt 0 is covered: true
stmt 1 is covered: true
stmt 2 is covered: true
stmt 3 is covered: true
stmt 4 is covered: true
stmt 5 is covered: true
stmt 6 is covered: false
stmt 7 is covered: false
stmt 8 is covered: false
stmt 9 is covered: false
stmt 10 is covered: false
stmt 11 is covered: true
stmt 12 is covered: false
stmt 13 is covered: true
stmt 14 is covered: true
stmt 15 is covered: true
stmt 16 is covered: false
stmt 17 is covered: true
stmt 18 is covered: false
stmt 19 is covered: true
stmt 20 is covered: false
stmt 21 is covered: true
stmt 22 is covered: false
stmt 23 is covered: false
13.0 statements covered of 23 statements: 0.5416667% coverage
